You were a product manager shipping
product without knowing how to write
code, barely knowing how to review code.
>> I have zero technical background. Did
music in high school when Sonnet 3.5
came out. I remember watching a YouTube
video building apps using Bolt or
Lovable. It basically felt like someone
came up to me and said, "You have
superpowers now."
>> These days, you're using cursor with
claw code.
>> If you're nontechnical like me, code is
terrifying, but AI just makes so much
possible in the next coming years. I
think everyone's going to become a
builder. Titles are going to collapse
and responsibilities are going to
collapse.
>> The main challenge people have is
reviewing the code that AI has written.
>> It's very difficult for me to catch
mistakes. What I'll do is basically /
review. This tells Claude to start
reviewing its own code. But what's even
cooler is I have codecs as well as
cursor open. I will have each of them
review the code.
>> This comes back to this quote which I
think everyone's always hearing. It's
not that you will be replaced by AI.
you'll be replaced by someone who's
better at using AI than you.
>> It's the best time to be a junior.
Contrary to what a lot of people are
saying, how there's no more junior roles
out there. Yeah, that's true. But also,
when else in history could you get out
of school and just build a startup on
your own?
Today, my guest is Zevy Arnowitz. Zev's
a PM at Meta. Prior to that, he was a PM
at Wix. And this is a truly remarkable
conversation that every non-technical
product person needs to hear. Zevy is
super young and has no technical
background, but as a smart, young,
ambitious person, has learned how to use
cursor and claude code to build
significant and real products completely
on his own. And he's created his own
very clever and effective workflow that
everyone listening can copy. To make
that copying even easier, at the top of
the show notes of this episode, you can
download all the prompts and slash
commands and start doing all of this
yourself. Zebie shows you how to work
with cursor to quickly add your ideas to
linear to explore your idea with AI, how
to develop your plan, how to then build
a thing, and then have different LLMs
review your code and update your
documentation and then use all of this
as a learning opportunity to develop
your own sense of how things work. I
haven't stopped thinking about this
conversation since we had it, and
everyone needs to pay attention to what
AI is unlocking for non-technical
people. A huge thank you to Tall Rav for
encouraging me to meet Zevy. If you
enjoy this podcast, don't forget to
subscribe and follow it in your favorite
podcasting app or YouTube. It helps
tremendously. And if you become an
annual subscriber of my newsletter, you
get 19 premium products for free for an
entire year, including lovable, replet,
bold, gamma, naden, linear, devon, post
talk, superhuman, descript, whisper
flow, perplexity, warp, granola, magic
pattern, dray, demobin, and stripe
atlas. Head on over to
lenniesnewsletter.com and click product
pass. With that, I bring you Zevy
Arnowitz after a short word from our
sponsors.
This episode is brought to you by
Tenweb, the company that pioneered AI
website building before ChatgPT. In the
last 3 years, over 2 million websites
have been generated with TenWeb's VIP
coding platform. Tenweb's VIP coding
platform is a powerful way to build
websites. Think of it as lovable for
WordPress front end and back end. Users
can build any website at any complexity.
E-commerce portfolios, information
websites, blogs, and it comes with the
WordPress admin panel and thousands of
readytouse plugins. Tenweb also offers
website generation as an API as a
service for SAS companies, marketplaces,
hosting providers, MSPs, and agencies.
SAS companies can embed it via API so
that users can launch AI generated sites
directly inside of their platform
connected to their own data. Agencies
and MSPs can get a white label dashboard
to manage clients and resell under their
brand. Hosting providers can self-host
the API builder on their own
infrastructure. Check it out at
10web.io/enny
and use code lenny for exclusive free
credits and 30% off API or whitelabeled
solutions. That's the number 10
web.io/lenny
vipcoding platform as an API.
Today's episode is brought to you by DX,
the developer intelligence platform
designed by leading researchers. To
thrive in the AI era, organizations need
to adapt quickly. But many organization
leaders struggle to answer pressing
questions like which tools are working?
How are they being used? What's actually
driving value? DX provides the data and
insights that leaders need to navigate
this shift. With DX, companies like
Dropbox, Booking.com, Adion, and
Intercom get a deep understanding of how
AI is providing value to their
developers and what impact AI is having
on engineering productivity. To learn
more, visit DX's website at
getdx.com/lenny.
That's getdx.com/lenny.
>> Zevy, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast.
>> Thanks for having me, Lenny. I'm a huge
fan of the show and tons of people that
I've admired most and learned the most
from have been on here. So, it's a crazy
moment for me. I'm really excited for
this.
>> I really appreciate that. I want to
start by reading actually a note I got
about you from Tal Riv who is a previous
podcast guest, many times collaborator,
one of the most AI forward product
managers that I know. I've learned a ton
from him. So, here's what he said about
you when he introduced us. Zevy is the
most hands-on vibe coding PM I know, and
I've personally learned so much from
him. His engineers at Meta ask him to
teach them how to do what he does. Every
time we get coffee, I repeatedly get
this feeling of everyone needs to be
hearing this.
>> That's so nice.
>> And so, that's the goal. That's the goal
of this conversation is to help more
people hear what you figured out. We're
going to get very hands-on. Uh we're
going to do a lot of show versus tell,
showing people what you've figured out
about how to be a PM, uh a nontechnical
PM building stuff. I want to give people
a little bit of background on you
because I think this is going to inspire
a lot of listeners to feel like they can
also do what we're about to show you. Uh
this is going to look very advanced, but
just give people a little bit of sense
of just your background.
>> I'm very non-technical. I have zero
technical background. Uh did music in
high school. Uh a lot of Israelis uh do
technology units in the army. I was not
in a tech unit. And basically a year
ago, I was traveling with my wife uh for
3 months in in Asia and we were in
Japan. And that was around when Sonnet
3.5 came out. And I remember watching a
YouTube video uh I think it was either
Greg Eisenberg or Riley Brown. And they
were basically building uh apps using it
was either Bolt or Lovable just using
AI. And it was like a crazy moment for
me cuz I was watching this and it
basically felt like someone came up to
me and said, "Hey, Zevie, there's this
cool new technology you should check
out. Um, you should really give it a
try. Oh, and by the way, you have
superpowers now." And the second I got
home from Japan, I didn't even unpack my
bags, ran to my computer, uh, opened
Bolt, opened an account, and for the
past year, I've been building. And the
last thing I'll say on that is we talked
about this a bit before we started
recording, but I was prepping with
Claude for the episode and I was trying
to clarify what my goal is for this
episode. And Claude said, "If people
walk away thinking how amazing you are,
you failed. And if people walk away and
open their computer and start building,
you've succeeded." So I really hope that
uh we can inspire some people to do the
same.
>> Uh I love that so much. I feel like that
should be the goal for my podcast. If
you're like, I love that guest, it's
less of a a win if it's just like, oh,
I'm so inspired to do the thing that
they figured out. That is the real win.
I love cloud is the best.
>> I agree.
>> Okay, so let's let's uh dive in and give
people with let's start with kind of a
high level overview of how you operate
and use AI in your job. What are the
core tools and just what's kind of like
the frame of reference for the workflow
that you figured out and how you
operate? This all started where I was a
uh project power user. I love projects
um GBD projects.
>> GBD projects.
>> Yeah, exactly. GBD projects and cloud
projects which are basically a shared
folder of chats which share both custom
instructions and uh shared knowledge
base. And I think it was around when GBT
started using memory where
I thought it was interesting, but it it
really annoyed me cuz I do a bunch of
different things. Like I'm a terrible
runner. Uh I'm a PM. I was a student uh
psychology student. So I had all these
different facets of life. And what
happened was uh the memory feature was
mixing stuff up. So like I talked to GBT
about running and it would be and it
would say oh yeah after this 5K you're
going to crush all your next product
reviews and it's like ah I mean okay I
understand that you have that in your
memory but it's just not relevant and
projects basically allows you to
compartmentalize and and have things
within the the right context. So
tracking back to the story I told when
we came back from Japan I started
building this app. Uh the first thing I
noticed was that these products were
built in a way where and these when I
say these products I mean bolt and
lovable were built in a way where they
were super eager to write code. So their
system prompt was you're a coding agent.
So when you'd write something they'd
straight away start coding. So at the
beginning of a project this was super
fun and exciting because they just go
and start building your app. But later
on when things got more complex, this uh
created much more problems cuz planning
is really important when you're
implementing something uh technical and
let's say you're implementing payments
or something that's going to be uh a
change to your database.
If the coding agent is just like all
right, I got it. And just starts writing
code, this always results in terrible
things. Uh some really gnarly bugs that
I had. And to mitigate this, what I did
was I created sort of a CTO. Um so again
I'm not technical. I have been in
product for a while but I know zero uh
zero stuff about code. So basically what
I did was I created a CTO with the
custom prompt of it. Uh being the
complete technical owner of the project.
So I told it I own the problem. I own
how we want the users to feel. You're
the complete owner um of how this is
going to be built. I want you to
challenge me. I don't want you to be a
people pleaser. all these things that
kind of mitigate the regular chatbtisms.
Uh I I always think about this where for
some reason the easiest way for me to
think about AI is to imagine it as
people and I think ChachiBT would
probably be the worst CTO because it's
such a people pleaser and it's so
sickopantic where
I mean just a short story I had uh a few
weeks ago I was trying to learn about
Bun JavaScript which is uh was acquired
by Anthropic and I was trying to
understand what they do. So I was
talking to GBT and this wasn't within my
uh co-founder uh CTO project and I asked
it if it's similar to a different
framework that I have in my app called
Zustand which nothing to do at all with
what bun JavaScript does and basically
GPT goes oh yeah it's exactly the same
and then it started talking about what
it what it meant and I was like wait no
these are not the same at all and it
said like the most terrifying and
hilarious thing he goes oh I'm Sorry, I
thought you were just making this up and
I was riffing with you and I was like,
"Oh, no, no, no. This is terrible." So,
basically, if regular Chachi PT was a
CTO, that would be the CTO who like goes
along with your dumbest ideas. So,
creating the the project allowed me to
mitigate that.
>> So, this is um just to just to be super
clear, you have a chat GBT project that
you've given a prompt to be your CTO of
your of your product. And in being a
nontechnical person, this is kind of
like the thing you talk to when you
don't when uh and we'll get to what
you're actually using to build when you
have questions about architecture and
decisions that are technical.
>> Yeah. So now I'll show I'll show my full
workflow and I don't involve GPT
anymore, but I definitely would
recommend even though the technology has
gone. So when I started this there was
no plan mode or ask mode. It was just
build on these products on on lovable
and bolt and they've progressed a ton. A
lot of what I had as workflows have
become ingrained in these products which
is really interesting. I would still
recommend start with a project for first
of all the reason that I said and also
it kind of puts you in a place where
you're in a chatbot and not writing
code. So you take the time to converse
and to learn which I think is critical.
And the second thing is if you're
nontechnical like me, code is
terrifying. It's the scariest thing in
the world to look at. And I look at it
as kind of like exposure therapy. I
think if you see this where I'm working
like in uh Claude or in cursor, you
might be excited to start using those,
but I would really recommend starting
slow uh with a GPT project. Um beautiful
UI, super simple. then maybe graduate to
like a bolt or a lovable and then go to
cursor in light mode slowly slowly
gradually ease in until you like open a
terminal uh you know go full dark mode
go full dev um so I would really
recommend doing this gradually
>> that is awesome advice and so just to be
uh to be clear these days you're using
cursor with cloud code powering it and
what I love about that is that you're
not you've never written code you the
way you put it you're afraid of even
looking at code you have to do
>> expos exposure therapy and I love that
cursor is is useful to you and what
you're telling us is that graduating
from a chatbt project that is kind of
your technical co-founder kind of taught
you enough to feel more comfortable
going straight to cursor. You you said
that you actually went to boulder in
lovable kind of in the interim uh and
then you went to just straight to
cursor. What's the reason to just go
straight to cursor? Just curs is it just
cursor has cursor can do everything and
once you get the hang of it it's
actually the most powerful tool. Yeah, I
think I graduated from each tool when I
kind of outgrew it. So, Bolt was awesome
until I was trying to connect payments
to my app and it kind of started losing
it and then I graduated to Cursor and
I've actually fallen in love with
Claude. Uh, so I'm using Claude code,
but that also runs within Cursor and I
think this is Tal uh who told me this.
I'm not sure who he's quoting. Uh, but
code is just words at the end of the
day. Um, so it's just files on your
computer. So basically you can be
working on the same project and carry it
from app to app and especially now I can
work on with multiple models and apps on
my project. So start slow but uh
definitely there's there's a lot of
places you can graduate too.
>> Awesome. Okay. Should we dive into u
screen share showing how you operate?
>> Awesome. I pulled up cursor. Can you see
it?
>> Perfect. So within my codebase what you
can see here on the left these are all
my code files. Uh here on the right is
cursor. Uh so this is basically like
having AI which has access to all the
code. And here in the middle I have
cloud code running. And what you can see
here I'm going to close cursor for a
second. What you can see here are all my
slash commands. Basically what slash
commands are they are reusable prompts
that I save within the codebase that I
can run by writing slash and then the
name of the file. So here you can see
create issue which is the first command
that I'm going to use. And basically
what this tells Claude, it says the user
is mid development and thought of a bug
or a feature and improvement. Capture it
fast so they can keep working. And then
it basically says this is the format
that I want you to capture the the U
linear issue in. And it explains a bunch
of things what exactly cloud needs to do
to get there. So the way I invoke this
is basically I'll do slash
create issue
and this injects this prompt into
claude. So it says, uh, I'm ready to
help you to capture this issue. What's
on your mind? So basically when I'll do
this is if I'm working on a big project
and I suddenly come across a bug or have
an idea that I don't want to work on
right now, but I want to work on later,
I'll do this really quick. And Claude's
main goal is to quickly capture what I'm
thinking about. So quickly to run
through my full workflow. So basically,
it starts with creating an issue. So
this is uh the create issue slash
command which basically tells claude
that I'm mid development and it should
quickly capture what I'm thinking about
and create an issue within linear. Then
later on uh when I want to pick this up
I have the exploration phase.
Exploration phase is basically telling
claude we're going to only explore what
we want to solve here. It could either
pull from linear or I can just speak
freely to it. And what it will do is it
will analyze and understand the issue
and just ask clarifying questions. The
next phase after we've done finished
exploration phase is we're going to
create a plan. So you can see create
plan. This basically has a template that
I love for creating a plans and the
output of this at the end of the day
will be a markdown file with our plan
that we can end up building along with
code. After creating the plan we have
execute plan. After execution we have
review and then we have peer review
which is really cool and we'll get into
later on. Um and at the end we update
the docs. So this is updating
documentation and everything so that
agents can write better code later on.
So I think what we'll do is we're going
to build a feature live for my app which
I think is really cool. But first what
I'd like to do is is show you the app so
you have some context. So this is
Studymate. It's a platform for students
which allows them to upload um study
materials and create uh interactive
tests based on their own materials. So
here we can go to the top. Uh let's
upload a PDF.
We can decide what pages we want to be
quizzed on. We can decide the number of
questions, the difficulty level. And
basically what happens behind the scenes
is we send the information the user
uploaded along with the system prompt
and any other um augmentations the
user's decided to uh Gemini and we
create a quiz. These are uh challenging
questions that are meant to assess
comprehension. You even have some hints.
And once we do a few of these, we can
submit.
>> I got them right.
>> Terrible results.
>> Yeah.
>> And so and so just to be really clear
about this, this is like a side business
that you have, an app that you built
that's making money. That's just like a
thing you vibe coded having no
>> technical. This is my weekend project.
Yeah. This is what I do uh on weekends.
Um, yeah. So, you get basically deep
explanations into why each uh question
was wrong or each question was right.
And at the moment, Studymate only has
multiple choice questions. And I was
doing some competitor research over over
the last weekend and I saw competitors
who had true or false questions and also
fill in the blank questions, which I
loved. So, I think that'd be really cool
if we could uh build that live. How's
that?
>> I love it. I'm crossing crossing our
fingers. This all work. Uh I just want I
I just want to highlight the stuff you
shared right before this incursor. So
this is a huge deal what you described
here. This is essentially what you've
figured out is a way as a non a person
that has no idea how to write any code
how to build a product in cursor as a
product manager using this series of
slash commands that you've concocted
that you're going to be sharing with
listeners. They can download all these
and just use them directly. They don't
have to figure out all these prompts
that you've you've figured out.
>> Yeah, 100%. Basically what happened was
I formulated the backbone of this uh
with the CTO and it was basically within
the system prompt of the CTO project
that I had within GBT. Uh so it said
step one we do this, step two we do this
and now I'll keep building and if I see
something that happens over and over
again I'll just create a slash command
and then it will be automated within the
workflow.
>> Amazing. So just to summarize the slash
commands. So one is create an issue in
linear which uh I love. Linear is
awesome. Shout out.
>> That's also from uh yeah the product
pass.
>> From the product pass there. Oh my god,
what value. Uh okay. So step one is
create the issue in linear. So it's a
command. So this prompt slashcomand
you've created. Just create issue. Then
it's explorer which is uh explore the
idea. Help me ideate on what this could
be. And this is Claude helping you think
through the feature and product. Then
it's actually create the plan. And so
it's like the AI helping you build the
plan to build the product.
>> Then it's actually execute which is just
build the thing.
>> Yeah.
>> And then there's this review peer review
step which is awesome that uh you'll
share. And then there's document update
documentation based on this new feature
that we're adding.
>> Sweet.
>> Yeah. Cool. So let's uh go ahead and
start building. So I'm going to use
whisperflow uh to dictate. And basically
this starts with slash create issue.
Um, so this basically sends that prompt
and I love this because I usually do
this uh during when I'm building
something else. So basically it tells
Claude that I'm mid building something
and I don't have a lot of time to to to
waste time on this. So just ask some
brief questions so that you have enough
to capture within linear. So I want to
add fill-in- thelank questions to
Studymate. Uh, I want this to be 30% of
tests to be generated as fill-in-
thelank questions. I want there to be
six potential answers uh for two blank
spots. And of course, there's only going
to be two correct answers. So, one
correct answer and two incorrect answers
for each spot. And I want the interface
to be drag and drop. So, that's just
basically uh a quick think of of of how
I want this to work.
So, it's going to ask me a few
questions. Quizzes are 100% multiple
choice. Question structure, single
sentence, pass through two blanks. Um,
and priority. So, one and two are
correct. And this is uh not high
priority. Uh, it's a nice to have
feature.
So now basically what claude is going to
do is it's going to use MCP which is
basically uh uh technology that was
created by anthropic which gives AI the
ability to use tools. So this is
connected to my linear. So what it's
going to do now is it's going to use
everything we've said and create an
issue within linear. And by the way as
as this is loading I just love the way
the way you describe this especially
doing voice mode. It's like exactly how
you would talk to an engineer describing
a feature. Here's what I want and then
they ask you questions. Here's the
clarification.
>> Yeah. So, at first when I was doing this
with the CTO, I would do it with uh chat
voice mode and that was crazy. That was
like literally felt like ideulating with
a person. Um it would push back, ask
questions and maybe one day, you know,
the coding uh tools will get there too.
But that was exactly it really felt like
sitting with my CTO. Um great. So
created STU88. So if we open up linear
now we should be able to see
uh let's see where SU88 there it is. Uh
fill in the blank questions with drag
and drop interface. So it has a TLDDR.
It has the current state. It did a
little bit of research on the codebase I
think. Um expected outcomes some
context. So yeah. So this is basically
ready for me to pick up when I'm
interested in building. So now let's say
a few days go by. I finished the current
project I'm working on. I can pick it
up. So when I pick it up, I do
slashexploration phase, which is what we
said. And then instead of pressing
enter, I'll press tab. And I'll show you
this. So basically exploration phase.
What it does is it will take an
argument. This is basically a
placeholder within the prompt which
allows me to enter something that is
extra context for the for the AI. So I
can say here linear
stu
88 which is referencing the ticket and
now what it's going to do is it's going
to go it's going to fetch the linear
ticket
>> and what's the idea what's the goal of
the exploration phase this is kind of
idea is that the idea
>> so it's it's both for the CTO to deeply
understand the problem that we're trying
to solve and also understand the current
state of the codebase what files need to
be affected and how is the best way to
implement this technically. Um, and
usually what happens is right now
Claude's just basically reading a bunch
of files understanding the basic uh
structure of the code and then it's
going to come back with a bunch of
clarifying questions as uh that will
decide how we end up implementing this.
>> So it's like it feels like it's talking
to your engineering manager.
>> Exactly. Exactly. 100% this is this is
how I think about it.
>> And you said that your CTO so you used
to use JBT prompt uh to have a CTO in
there. how the CTO is living inside here
in cursor.
>> Yeah, because of the way the tools have
developed um and they've become so good
at both exploration and code execution.
So now it's it's just uh kind of a habit
that I call it a CTO, but it's basically
allin-one. The the same agent will will
both do the exploration and write the
plan and end up executing the code.
>> Got it. So it's basically it's clock
code. Is there like a prompt you gave it
to act like that to act like the right
kind of CTO?
>> Yeah. So within uh the claude MD which
is basically the system prompt that's uh
loaded within claude's context in every
conversation I have uh some basic stuff
like this is our workflow this is how we
work within exploration phase I want you
to challenge my thinking all kinds of
stuff like that that can be loaded yeah
within the uh claude MD file
>> cool one last question before before we
move on here just because it's I'm
thinking about it as this happens the
linear issue that you generated how
often is it is it actually great and
ready. How often do you have to edit it?
What's like the quality of the linear
ticket that it generates? Cuz you know,
a lot of people are like probably
wondering just like all these terrible
linear issues are being created by AI.
Are they actually any good? It's
completely different because I'm a
company of one. So, uh, a lot of the
context is within here and there's no
need for me to like talk to other teams
and understand. It's basically very
accessible and also I can easily see
when uh Claude understood something uh
wrong. I don't want to say that I would
create linear issues at work like this.
Uh but definitely if you're building
your own side project, it's uh they're
they're pretty quality and also it just
kicks off the the when I want to start
working on it. It's not I wouldn't say
it's ready to be built. It's ready to
start being explored.
>> Got it. So it's just the beginning of an
idea. Actually, let's come back after we
go through this flow of how you would
approach this if you were at say Meta or
another maybe a smaller company. how
this workflow might work at a larger
company that isn't just a your own
startup.
>> Yeah, interesting. Let's come back to
that.
>> Um, cool. All right, so this is Claude
coming back. I have a comprehensive
understanding of the codebase. Um, I
thoroughly end and uh analyze studymate
live codebase and understand the current
system, feature quest, and key areas
that it's identified. Um, usually I'd
spend a lot of time going over this
because this is super super important,
but just for the sake of development
right now, we're going to brush through
this. Now, Claude basically comes back
after it's gone through the codebase and
and understood the way it currently
works. It's basically telling me what
the current understanding is. So, it's
talking about how the app is set up at
the moment, uh, how the data is
structured, what it understood from the
feature request, and what's it what it's
it has identified as key areas. And then
it asked me some questions. So it's
asking about the scope. It's asking
about the data model, the UX UI of the
feature, how it should be validated, how
it should be graded, what changes need
to be happen to the AI system prompt,
and all kinds of questions about the
app. I've prepared answers to all these
questions beforehand because I don't
think we all want to sit through this.
So I'm just going to paste that in, and
we'll see what Claude says.
>> Awesome. I love it. And I love just just
scanning those questions I was asking.
It's like such smart, sophisticated,
important questions instead of just
cool, here I go. I'm gonna build it.
>> Yeah. And I think this is the big um
difference between like just vibe coding
and going along with the vibes and
really building serious apps. I spend a
lot a lot of time going back and forth
and understanding. Also a very cool uh
slash command that I haven't showed yet
is uh learning opportunity which
basically when something is really
difficult for me to understand I'll uh
do slasharning opportunity and then talk
about what I want to learn. And this
basically primes Claude and says I am a
technical PM in the making. I have
mid-level engineering knowledge. I
understand architect uh architecture and
basically I want you to explain what
we're currently working on uh using the
8020 rule. So this is a great way to
learn. I would definitely take this and
every time you kind of see something
that you don't fully understand, I would
definitely use this uh to learn. Great.
So Claude basically comes back and says
uh how it understands the current uh
data model and how it's going to
implement. Uh yeah, so it's ready to
create the plan. So basically what I'm
going to do now is I'm going to go and
do slashcreate plan.
And while Claude's doing this, I'm going
to show really quick what this looks
like. So, basically,
these plans are from a template that I
found on Twitter. Uh, I forgot who it
was, but it was just a template that
really resonated with me. And it's
basically saying, um, based on our
exchange, create a markdown file that
will be the plan. Um, include clear,
minimal, concise steps. Track the
status. So, this basically has like
status trackers on each task that Claude
updates as it's going through and it
will have a TLDDR, some critical
decisions that we've made and the plan
itself. So, Claude's uh finished writing
the plan. So, we'll be able to look and
see exactly what the plan is. So, it has
a TLDDR. It has the critical decisions
we've made and the tasks broken down.
Um, and this is a perfect plan and it's
also a really good way to write this
because a lot of times I'll use
different models to execute certain
stuff. So, cursor has an amazing model
called composer which is super fast. Uh,
so a lot of things that are not that um
complex, I'll use uh composer. Gemini 3
that just came out is unbelievable at
UI. So, a lot of times I'll split the
plan into backend and front end and then
I'll have Gemini just read the plan and
do the front end. Um so having this as a
markdown file is really good and also
going forward it's really good to have
within the app so that um later on if an
agent is writing code in a certain area
it can see what's already been done
there.
Um so what we're going to do now is
we're going to execute the plan. So now
I think we're going to do this with
cursor just because uh composer is so
freaking fast. So what we can do is
basically just say execute
and then we can tag the file and
composer is ridiculously fast. So that's
it. It's off. It basically understands
what the plan is and it's going to go
ahead and start writing the code.
>> Let me ask you a question while this is
happening and also I have many questions
so this is a good time to ask a few of
them. You said that lovable and bolt are
and other you know other apps in that
space are are just not enough to build
really serious apps and you had to move
to cursor to do that. What tell us more
about that just like how far what what's
kind of limitation you ran into with
those products and why you switched to
cursor.
>> I started using cursor and cloud code a
few months ago and I haven't looked back
but at that time these teams have been
moving like crazy. So, I don't want to
say I wouldn't trust them. I don't know
what the current state is, but for me,
it was basically the issue of I felt
that CL that Bolt was being very
opinionated on how I should do things
and I felt like my knowledge has gotten
to a point where I can graduate and be
more in control. By the way, I think
that the main difference between all
these tools is basically the harness.
So, the models are all the same models.
You know, I I'll run Claude within
Cursor. I'll run it within Cloud Code.
And it's also the models that claude is
also the model that is underlying bolt
and lovable. But basically bolt and
lovable will add a bunch of levels in
the middle that will take all kind of
guesswork and and and hard decisions out
for the user. So the user doesn't make
have to make these hard decisions. So
it's also very easy to build. But the
flip side of that is that you have less
control. And basically claude code is
just taking claude and shoving it
straight in your code system and giving
it full tools and to do whatever it
wants. But also with that comes a lot of
decisions that you need to make. So I
don't know if if you can't build really
amazing production apps using using bolt
or lovable now but I think basically if
you want the most cutting edge abilities
of the models and you want to be able to
make all the decisions uh on your own
it's probably best to be on one of these
tools. What I'm feeling and hearing is
that planning work that you did. That's
the stuff that lovable, bold, and would
you put replet in that bucket, too?
>> Yeah, for sure. Lovable, bold, replet,
base 44,
>> v 0.
>> Um, yeah, v 0 all same bucket.
>> So, essentially, they're kind of they're
doing that planning for you. And as you
said, they're very opinionated. They
they try to make it easy. So, it's just
like here's how to do it. We're not
going to like here's the way we want to
we think is best for people. And what
you're saying is once you're trying to
get a more serious about it or have want
to go in a different direction, you
don't have the power to change the how
they plan. So cursor lets you do that.
>> Yeah. I don't want this to come out like
I'm badmouthing them. Base 44, let's
say.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Base 44 does an amazing job
at basically taking all the complex
guesswork out of building product and
just allows you to just, you know, go
with the vibes and build, but it will do
signin with Google for you and it will
do a database, but then you don't have
decisions on uh what database am I
using? Do I need sign in with Google
this way or the or another way? It would
just do it out of the box. So, so that's
basically the trade-off there.
>> Awesome. Shout out Mayor, the uh founder
of Basically Podcast. Yep.
>> Yeah, he's amazing.
>> Uh I just love how this is like the way
you're like uh flinging what's the word?
Slinging slinging models like Gemini 3
for front end. Like I love that you have
you've never written any code and you're
just like cool, we use Gemini for this
and cloud for this and I'm just working
on cursor talking to this uh CTO helping
you build stuff and build like
significant product. Yeah, I mean we
just live in the craziest of times where
basically there the world changes once a
week. Uh it feels like and there is just
no boundaries. You can you can use all
of these just on your like regular
MacBook or regular laptop. And I have
these moments um I call them time
machine moments which is basically this
week for instance I was prepping for the
podcast using claude with a project. I
was building I was fully localizing uh
studymate from Hebrew to English which I
did in two days which would probably
take a dev team weeks and I was building
a personal site which went from no
domain no nothing to live uh on a domain
within an hour and a half. And I was
doing all three of these in parallel.
And there was a point where basically
all three of the agents were running. So
I didn't have anything to do. I just had
to let them think. And these are like
the time machine moments where I feel
like I was in the future and I just
stick my head out of the time machine
and whoever's next to me, like at the
moment it was my wife, I'll just say we
we live in the future. And she'll be
like, "Huh? What?" And I'll be like,
"No, no, don't worry about it." But it's
just basically so crazy that all these
things are just, you know, an API away.
you can you can use anything. So, I
think it's an awesome time to be curious
and uh optimistic and hardworking.
>> These are my favorite kinds of podcast
guests, people that are living in the
future, figuring out all these things,
and then are just kind of come back, as
you said, pok your head out of the the
rocket ship and just like, hey, here's
this thing that I figured out. Here's
where we're going.
>> Yeah. Best time to be alive.
>> Um, so awesome. So, it looks like it's
finished. Um, so now what we're going to
do is we're going to run the app locally
and we'll be able to see uh what uh
Composer ended up building and we're
going to see if anything else is needed
um on our end to maybe do some manual
review. Does that sound good?
>> Sounds great. And I love that was like I
don't know few minutes where if it was a
human engineer it would be like days
maybe a week work.
>> Yeah, for sure. No. Uh, composer like
the one thing is it's just so so blazing
fast. Keeps you in flow. Uh, so yeah,
full features take u minutes
>> and that probably cost like a couple
bucks in AI credits.
>> I don't even look I mean I used to be so
stingy about paying for products and now
I'm just basically I look at it all as
tuition, you know, as like uh stuff that
I'm paying for learning. Uh so I don't
know how much it costs but it's
definitely worth it. That explains why
they're the fastest growing products in
history. Oh,
>> 100%. Your marketing website sets the
tone for your brand and is the one touch
point that every single one of your
customers sees. In today's age, if
you're still having a hard time making
small changes and simple updates to it,
you're doing something wrong. That is
why so many companies from earlystage
startups to Fortune 500s, including
companies like Door Dash, Zapier,
Perplexity, and 11 Labs turned to
Framer, the website builder that turns
your.com from a formality into a tool
for growth. Framer works like your
team's favorite design tool, and comes
with real-time collaboration, a robust
CMS with everything you need for great
SEO, and advanced analytics that
includes integrated AB testing. Changes
to your framer site go live to the web
in seconds with a single click and
without any help from engineering.
Whether you want to launch a new site,
test a few landing pages, or migrate
your full.com, Framer has programs for
startups, scaleups, and large
enterprises to make going from idea to
live site as easy and fast as possible.
Learn how to turn your website into a
growth engine from a framer expert. Or
get started building for free today at
framer.com/lenny.
That's framework.com/lenny.
Rules and restrictions may apply.
>> So now we have uh this feature which
basically we built um and I can ask it
to make some changes because it's
running locally. Um and once it's ready
I'll be able to ship it to users. So now
the next phase after I've uh qed it and
basically tested it manually, I'll have
Claude review its own work. Um so what
I'll do is I'll uh reopen Claude Code. I
love this because this is one of the
things that comes up a lot on this
podcast is writing code is now so easy.
The main challenge people have is
reviewing the code that AI has written.
And what you're doing here is you're
having Claude review its own code.
>> Yeah. So this is another thing where
it's very difficult for me to catch
mistakes. So my review process has gone
through a bunch of iterations to really
be uh as good as possible and to catch
as many things as possible. So, I'll
always manual manually QA it first uh to
make sure if I can see any mistakes that
Claude made and then what I'll do is
basically slash review.
And this uh tells Claude to start
reviewing its own code. But what's even
cooler and something that I'm really
proud of is I will usually do multiple
reviews and I'll have codeex which is
chat GBT's competitor to cloud code as
well as cursor open and I will have each
of them review the code and then what
what I do is I have a slash command
called peer review which is really
interesting and basically what it does
is it's going to take claude which is
usually the agent who I'm work working
with. And just to put this in a mental
model, this is basically my uh my dev
lead that I'm working with. I will take
uh the the slash command is basically
saying you're the dev lead on this
project. Other team leads within the
company have looked at your code and
reviewed it and found these issues.
Don't take what they're what they said
at face value. The reason is you have
more context than them and you led this
project. you need to either um explain
why the stuff they found are not real
issues and wrong or fix them yourself.
And it's really cool because the way I
look at these things is I look at the
models. I try to imagine them as people
and I can I can really tell you how each
one of these uh would be as as a real
human. Um because they have yeah each
model has such distinct uh
characteristics. So let's say Claude,
she would be the perfect CTO. like she's
very communicative. She's very smart. Um
she she doesn't just go with the flow
and do whatever you tell her. She's very
um opinionated, but also super
collaborative, which is I think why I'm
always drawn to Claude. Um because I I
need to do so much learning and and like
it's it's your dream, a very
communicative but very um opinionated uh
dev lead. But then there's also Codeex.
So I use Codeex um 5.1 Max, whatever.
had another not the best at naming uh
models but GPT's model I always imagine
it as like a the best coder within the
company who comes to the office like
with uh a hoodie and sandals and sits in
a dark room and you basically only
bother him when you have the worst bugs
and you say listen we have this bug and
it will just close the door for two
hours and come out and say I fixed it
and you're like wait what are you gonna
tell us what happened or what he's like
don't worry about it I fixed it it's
like really not communicative but it
solves all the worst problems. And let's
say Gemini is like a crazy scientist
who's super artsy, uh, super talented at
designing, but if you sit next to it and
watch it work, it's terrifying. Like,
you would fire that person instantly.
This might be just my experience, but
when I'm using Gemini within
anti-gravity, which is uh Google's new
competitor to cursor, when it's writing
code, you can see the steps it's taking,
and it's terrifying. like you'll say,
uh, I want you to redesign the top of
the dashboard and and you're looking at
its thought process and it will say, oh,
first things first, I'll delete the
dashboard. And then it'll be like, nope,
that was a mistake. I'll bring it back.
And then it will say, oh, can I edit the
database? And you're like, no, do not
edit the database. You're just doing a
redesign. And then it will end up
designing something beautiful. Um, so
the like the way there is like a roller
coaster and very scary, but at the end
of the day, Gemini is very good at
design. So I think that using all these
models um and basically playing to their
strengths and mitigating their
weaknesses by using other models is is a
game changer for me. So I'll do peer
review a bunch of times and and I'll
have other models review other models
code and kind of have them like fight it
out. Uh basically like sometimes uh
cloud code will get really sassy and be
like this has been raised for the third
time and for the third time I'm telling
you this is not an issue. This is by
design. So, it's just a really cool cool
uh thing that I've added and I haven't
seen many people doing it.
>> That is such an incredible rant slash
way to understand what's going on. Okay,
awesome. So, we just ran the review. So,
show us what we saw there and let's
actually try this peer review. I'm
really excited to see what what you
learned there.
>> Yeah, so basically Claude has reviewed
its code and it's found a bunch of bugs.
A critical bug it found in the prompt.
uh some high bugs, some medium bugs. And
now what I'll do is I'll do the same
thing with the other models. So Codeex
has a built-in code review that you can
do or I just like to say review uh all
the code in this branch.
Of course, branch is referring to the
GitHub branch that we're working on. Uh
we're not working on the live codebase.
And then I'll do this with composer. Say
with we can do let's do it with with
composer one. So, I'll do uh slash
review here as well. And basically,
these are both going to run and do a
in-depth review similar to what claw
does. But again, because of the
differences between the models, uh
they're all going to catch different
things and they're all going to look
differently. And this is a really cool
way to work. It's basically if you had
other team leads within the company uh
review the code. Here you can see how
fast composer is. I think GPT probably
will take a bunch of time. Like I said,
it's in its own dark room right now
reviewing code and we'll come back in a
few minutes.
>> Okay, cool. So, we could we could let
these run and we don't actually have to
go through the whole process. But is the
idea once you get these results, you run
peer review and you you copy and paste
kind of these results. Is that that
>> exactly? I'll copy and paste the
results. I'll do peer review and then
I'll say dev lead one and then paste
from one of the models and then I'll say
dev lead two and paste from the other
model and basically have them uh fight
it out until I feel like we have no more
issues. Um, for me, this is super
important because I'm not a I'm not
technical and I'm not a developer. And
I'll also use slasharning opportunity a
bunch during this to learn about stuff
that I don't understand or or don't
fully grasp.
>> Incredible. What a what a clever
solution to solving this code review
problem where it's like I don't know
what you're I don't I don't know how to
recode, so what am I going to even Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Incredible. Let's uh let's wrap up
this kind of this workflow. Is there
anything else that's important in this
workflow? And again, all this stuff is
going to be available where people can
just plug this stuff into their cursor
account and and use it themselves
>> 100%. Um, the one thing I'll say is that
I think just like working in general
with AI and even just like uh working on
any product doing constant post-mortems
is critical. So a lot of times we'll
find all these kind of bugs or maybe
Claude will fail to execute something
correctly. And at the beginning when I
started vibe coding, I would basically
just keep running at it like running at
the wall and until it worked. And once
it worked, I was like, "All right,
awesome. This works. Let's keep going."
But I've learned over time that updating
documentation and tooling is one of the
biggest hacks for productivity. So when
Claude will fail to do something or I'll
see this really bad bug that that shows
that Claude really didn't understand
something, I'll ask it what in your
system prompt or tooling made you make
this mistake and cloud will kind of like
go introspective and think of what made
it do create that mistake and then I'll
say okay great let's update your tooling
and documentation so that this mistake
never occurs again and I do this every
time I'm either building uh an internal
tool or anything and I I think this is
just like working, you know, if you've
you end up doing a bunch of mistakes and
then end up releasing the feature to
users. So, you're like, "All right, it's
a big success." But going back and even
when you've succeeded, um looking and
understanding what you did and what you
could have done better is critical. And
also using AI, this is probably one of
the biggest unlocks. Going back to your
prompts, understanding what was not good
enough, iterating on them, and then
seeing how AI's responses get better. I
think that's probably one of the most
important things and one of the things
that divides between people who are like
okay with using AI and the people who
actually know how to use it.
>> That is such good advice. So what I'm
hearing is when you run in when the
models do something dumb, make a
mistake, you ask it to reflect on what
the mistake it made was and then you
update the slash command prompts uh with
that knowledge so that in the future
it's not making that same mistake and it
just keeps getting better. These things
just keep getting smarter and smarter.
you're building up this really
incredible prompt that just gets better
and better.
>> Exactly. Um, not always the slash
commands. It will sometimes update uh
different documentation or its tooling,
but basically it's it's understanding
what the root cause of the of the uh
mistake that the AI AI made and fixing
it.
>> Awesome. So, it's not so like the models
are getting smarter and then there's
also the other parts of your workflow
can get smarter as you as you find flaws
in the way of stuff.
>> 100%. Yep.
>> Amazing. Okay. Um, is there anything
else there before I move in a couple
other directions?
>> I think that's it. I think we covered
pretty much everything. Basically, just
to wrap this up, what I do is I do a
bunch of code review and then update the
documentation so that everything is
documented so the next time I try to
build a feature in this area, there
won't be any mistakes. Um, and then I'll
do a bunch of testing. I'll do some user
testing as well before I release this to
general availability. Obviously, we're
not going to release this. This was just
a show. Uh, but hopefully maybe by the
time the podcast comes out, I'll I'll
have done this correctly and and release
the feature.
>> It's incredible that this was not
possible like I don't know two years
ago, maybe a year ago. Like you are a
product manager shipping a product
without knowing how to write code,
barely knowing how to review code. You
said you're afraid of looking at code.
As a product manager, you're building a
product in cursor using uh all of these
different AI models. You're making money
with this product. Uh this is like we're
so used to this now, but it's insane
what is now possible.
>> It's the best time to be alive 100%. Um
I think that I I understand the fear,
but AI just makes so much possible. Just
a quick uh side note here, my brother,
who I'm building one of the apps with,
is an entrepreneur. He has a beautiful
business that helps old people um and
seniors understand to use technology and
uh AI better. and he's basically doing
the same kind of learning as me and he's
replaced all of the tools he was paying
for. I think he was paying for Zapier
and Air Table and he's basically built
uh like a full-fledged CRM system and
automation system for his business
completely alone. So, I mean for the
people who are curious um optimistic,
hardworking, this is the best time to be
to be a builder. And what I love about
this conversation we're having here is
it feels like the biggest barrier for a
lot of people is like how do I get
started? What exactly do I do? I open up
cursor. It looks very intimidating. I
don't know how to write code. I don't
know how to build stuff. I don't know
about databases. And so you're going to
be sharing all these slash commands and
basically this whole workflow with the
audience.
>> Yeah. Okay. And like I said, just start
at GPT. Start in GPT. Um tell it what
your idea is. Uh tell it to explain to
you what are even the first steps of
thinking. what are the decisions you
need to make and just be like be
inquisitive learn um don't rush things
uh it's very important to just dive in
and and really spend the time to learn
>> and you share this one of your slash
commands is learning opportunity and
it's how you learn a lot of these things
just like teach me this thing of how
this database issue works
>> exactly
>> okay there's a couple directions I want
to make sure we touch on one is coming
back to a question I asked earlier about
how this might work at a larger company
say it's not like Meta but just like I
don't know a thousand person company,
500 people. How much of this can you
plug and play into a workflow as a PM at
a larger company? What would be your
advice for someone that may want to
start trying to ship code at least
showing people what's possible?
>> I think that first making your codebase
AI native is a really important step and
I think this needs to be done by
technical people. So basically my
codebase has a ton of just plain text in
it. So it will have a bunch of markdown
files that explain to agents how to work
in certain areas of the codebase um and
highle structure so that the agents uh
navigate through the codebase easier.
And I think that if this is set up in a
really good way, I still don't think uh
like PMS should be shipping heavy uh
database chain migrations or any like
big project. But you know, contained UI
uh projects, especially if you just
build it, create the PR and and send it
to a dev to like do the final finishes.
Uh I think that's definitely something
that's possible. And I think we're going
to see that a lot in the next coming
years. I think basically everyone's
going to become a builder. So should be
really interesting.
>> Okay. So your advice here is as a PM
don't maybe don't go to cursor start
building shipping trying to ship
features to production especially
complicated features. Do you think we'll
get there? Do you think like in a couple
years PMs will be doing this and it'll
feel less scary and crazy.
>> If there are PMs um
>> yeah I think titles are going to
collapse and responsibilities are going
to collapse and everyone's just going to
be building. Um, I definitely think that
the models the context window is getting
bigger, the models are getting smarter.
Um, and I definitely see how PMS or any
other background can be writing. At the
moment, I wouldn't wait for that. I
would use this as a collaborative
learning opportunity to work with your
dev team. It's going to be difficult. A
lot of developers are very very skeptic
about the current state and I think that
it's going to be a lot of sales work on
your end to convince. But if you're able
to convince and I think teams that are
really sold on this and want to take the
time to work on their workflow about how
can our a team become more AI native, I
think that these teams are going to
probably be a few years in the future
and they're going to look back at the
few weeks they spent setting this up as
as the best time they spent. Let me ask
you another question around just the job
of a PM. One of the biggest fears people
have with these AI tools for for PMs for
every function I imagine is just they
you start to rely on these things. Your
skills start to atrophy. You're
producing all this slop that looks
great. Cool. Amazing strategy doc. Now
it's actually not at all good. Or these
linear tickets or just products that are
like halfbaked. What's your take on kind
of these two parts of just like how has
this impacted your uh craft as a PM? Do
you feel like this has weakening your
skills because you're so reliant on
these tools and just how do you keep the
quality of this stuff up and not just
like me it's just a bunch of AI
generated slop?
>> I have a a very strong disagree to to to
this and I've heard it a bunch. I
remember when I started using Talviv um
has like this whole course on on
building a PM co-pilot using projects uh
which is probably one of the best
courses uh that you can take and when I
started working with my own co-pilot I
remember people at work looking and
saying like oh so you're basically
outsourcing your thinking and to me
that's just the worst way to look at it
and I think for some reason these people
usually
have a highore relation with the kind of
person who doesn't like to show their
presentation when it's only 10% done or
doesn't want to ask for help a lot. I
think that there's a misconception with
a lot of PMs that the job is always
having the right answers and being the
smartest person in the room. And at
least how I was trained and how I
believe the the role of the PM is, it's
the exact opposite. It's basically
harnessing anything that can get us uh
as quick as possible to delivering the
the right solution to users. And I just
think this is like that really smart
person that has context or or your
mentor or whatever, but is just always
available and doesn't judge you and uh
can really help you. So, if you're using
it to just create your outputs and then
putting them out there, um I mean, yeah,
that's AI slot, but it's also human
error. I think it's really important
that you own your own outputs. If you
put anything out there or um show
something in a product review and you
say, "Oh, sorry, that was built by AI,"
that's that's your mistake. I think if
you use these intentionally and and
really take the time to understand how
to use AI in the correct way, it's one
of the biggest game changers that will
make you much better as a PM. And
another thing here is that especially
for more junior PMs, it allows you to
play at such a higher level than you
would normally. Like I think that at
Wix, I wasn't thinking of what's the
marketing strategy uh of the company and
how will the onboarding be completely
revamped within the all of the whole
product. But I mean on my side product,
I can just do whatever decisions I want
and think of the strategy and marketing
and the messaging. And this is basically
just getting me uh reps uh which is one
of the most important things at the
beginning of your career. So I
understand the fear that you know how do
you you outsource certain stuff and
you're not owning 100% of everything but
I think the upside is so much more
valuable. And I think the only way that
AI makes you worse at your job is if
you're using it wrong. Is there anything
that you've learned about reducing the
the sloppiness, the slopiness of the
output? Just like a tip for keeping the
quality high of the stuff that it
produces.
>> Similar to people setting up AI for
success for the task at hand. So like if
I just brought in, you know, uh a junior
to to write a deck or something and I
didn't give it any guideline. I just
said give a strategy deck. he would
probably just go online and find, you
know, top strategy deck and and just
reproduce that, which is basically what
AI is doing. It's basically just fed all
of the internet. So,
instead of that guiding it and giving it
context on what your style of writing is
and what you're trying to solve, um, and
all these different things, I think
that's probably one of the biggest
unlocks. Um, so that's just a quick tip.
And also uh cursor has a slash command
called ds slop which is basically going
back over the code. Um I don't know if
this is integrated into the product yet
but it's uh on Twitter their founders
have been talking about this. So that's
definitely something I would run after
just to make sure that no no slop is is
left behind.
>> That is so funny. The slop. Okay. One
more question uh which may lead to
something else but um kind of going in a
whole different direction. you used AI
to help you actually interview for the
job that you got at Meta. Talk about how
you did that because a lot of people
right now are struggling to find a job.
Uh reading about all these people using
AI to help them interview. You actually
did it. Uh what did you use? What
worked?
>> I feel like the analogy here is I have
12 nieces and nephews and you can see
how people who have grown up in a
different world how their mind is is
formed differently. So, if you ask me,
"How do you answer a phone?" I'll do
this. But a uh a child now when you say,
"How do you answer the phone?" they'll
they'll do this. You know, they'll do
the the the iPhone answer. And I feel
like people who are um growing up now in
their professional lives, we're the same
just with AI. So, every time I'm faced
with a new challenge or problem, I think
AI first how to solve it. So, uh Meta
reached out and said they'd like me to
interview. Straight away, I opened up a
project um within Claude. I started
looking online for all the best
information out there, things that I
resonated with. I took a ton of
frameworks and and stuff from Ben Arez,
who's written a guest post uh for you,
who I think is one of the best minds out
there right now. And basically, I
created a project which was my coach uh
which I would come and consult what to
do at each phase. I would mock interview
with and this was amazing. Also I
created a game in base 44 which helped
me uh I was really struggling with
segmentation uh within the product
questions. So thinking of the correct
segments. So I basically just created a
quiz game which creates questions and
different segmentations and I have to
choose uh so this is like I spun this
up. It's a web app that I would play
sometimes when I was on the bus to work.
So basically, uh, I think Ben talks
about this a bunch, so I don't like just
go read Ben's stuff, but just creating a
project and feeding it with all the best
information on the internet and then
mocking a bunch. I will say that the
biggest game changer for me was doing uh
human mocks. So cold outreaching to
people uh on LinkedIn and having them uh
do actual mocks for me. I think that at
the end of the day, especially for the
the meta PM prep, which is super
competitive and difficult, uh I think
there's no there's no way to to get
around that.
>> That is so cool. They use that post. I
wasn't aware. We're going to link to it.
And in that post, Ben shares all these
prompts you can feed chatbt to help you
prepare for interviews, do uh mocks
online. Uh it's a really important point
to say that those are take you to a
point, but it's actually better to use
humans. I actually have a post coming
out soon uh in collaboration with Nome
Seagal about how everyone's using AI to
interview and one of the most
interesting ways I've heard people and
that we found in this research was that
people use it to get feedback. They
record the interview and then it gives
them feedback. Here's where you could
have done better. Here's what you here's
what you missed because the feedback
loop is so missing. No one ever tells
you here's what you did badly in this
interview. No one tells you that
>> and AI can do that.
>> So I'll add two things to that. one
which is uh exactly this. So I'll mock
with um AI. Also I did something really
cool where there's a question bank
online uh free uh by Lewis Lynn which
basically is an always updating uh bank
of questions that people are asked in
real interviews and I basically uh used
uh comet which is the perplexities
browser and I had the agent run all
kinds of analyses on like what the most
asked questions are and that's how I
knew how to prioritize what questions I
would mock. Um, and then at the end of
these mocks, I would, um, tell Claude
within the project, um, you're my coach,
and I don't want you to make me feel
good. I want you to make me, um, as
ready as possible for these interviews,
so give me feedback, like you said. Um,
and the other thing that I did was
really cool was some questions where I
didn't have time to mock, I would ask
Claude to play the candidate, and then
it would just give me a really good
answer, and I could also learn from
that. Like learning from someone who
does a perfect answer. Oh man, I I
really love the way you phrased it that
people kind of in your generation, the
default is I have something I need to
do. What? Let's go to AI immediately and
and help me prepare for this thing. Help
me figure it out.
>> Yeah. And this comes back to this quote
that I always think about which I think
everyone's always hearing, but I just
it's such an important quote that it's
not that you will be replaced by AI for
a long time. It's you'll be replaced by
someone who's better at using AI than
you.
>> I agree. And that's what these
conversations are for, to help people
keep up with all that and to and to
learn some of these skills and again see
where the future's going and and start
to learn how to get there yourself.
Okay, Zevy. Uh before we get to a very
exciting lightning round, I'm going to
take us to a recurring segment on this
podcast I call failure corner. And why I
love this segment is people come on
this, you know, just even this
conversation, it's like all these
amazing things you figured out,
everything's going so well. People
rarely hear the things that don't go
well and those are often the most
interesting and impactful stories. So
the question is just what's a what's a
story of a time you failed in your
career and what did you learn from that
experience?
>> Yeah, I love this. I love this uh I love
failure corner. Big big fan. Um so I'll
tell a story about uh when I started at
Wix. So basically I started within Wix's
student program and straight out of the
student program you get um put into a
certain team. So, I was in the editor,
which is uh the core product of Wix. And
the other PMs were just the best PMs
almost at Wix. Like these four other
people uh had much more experience than
me and they were ridiculously good. And
I remember coming in and thinking like
my first product review, I'm going to
blow these people's socks off. They're
not going to believe how good of a PM I
am. And I basically didn't really share
what I was thinking. Uh, I would work
tons of hours alone and I was like, I'm
going to kill this product review.
They're going to be so impressed. Uh,
and I ended up failing miserably. Uh, my
product review was not good. Uh, it
wasn't the format they expected. They
had a ton of questions that I missed.
Um, and I felt awful when it was when it
was over. I was like, "Ah, you're such
an idiot." And I saw that everyone was
like, "All right, cool. Yeah, just come
back in two weeks and and we'll keep
we'll keep getting at this." And I I
understood in that moment that they had
zero expectation of me being a 10x PM,
but the expectation of me was being a
10x learner. And the second I understood
that, my whole mindset sw uh shifted.
And I think this is probably the best
tip that I give now uh to junior PMs is
basically
be the best learner you can be at the
beginning. No one expects you to know
all the answers and no one expects you
to be good. So basically what I did was
I took each person on the PM team, there
was four other PMs and I assessed what
their strength is and use them as a
mentor for that. So Ner who's still my
uh mentor till today, he has the best
product sense of anyone I've met. Oya is
super uh she's like a methodology expo
expert. She just thinks in frameworks.
Um Yara who was the head of product
basically can look at a product and then
instantly understand like the third and
fourth order effects of them system
thinking. So every time I had an issue
with one of these areas, I would come to
one of them um and consult them. And
this does two things. First of all, I
learned a ton. And the second thing is
that when the next time the next product
review, my success felt to them like
their success cuz it wasn't this kid
who's trying to show us up how cool he
is. It was um like our mentee kind of
making us all proud. Um and it was such
a great shift for me and basically at
the end of the day I I really excelled
through this.
>> That is an awesome story and this
connect this idea of learning is such a
good thread throughout this whole
conversation that uh AI is is good at
getting stuff done but it's also really
good at helping you learn how to do the
thing and to be this partner this
thought partner. the way he talked about
the interview process you went through
and this learning learning opportunity
command. Um so awesome great story uh
Zevy. Okay, before we get to a very
exciting lighting round, is there
anything else that you wanted to share?
Anything you want to leave listeners
with?
>> Yeah, so kind of to tie back into the uh
first thing I said where if people walk
away thinking um Zevy's so cool then
then I've failed here. I think that it's
just the best time to be alive. I think
it's the best time to be a junior. Uh
contra contrary to what a lot of people
are saying how, you know, there's no
more junior roles out there and people
get out of school and you you can't find
a role. Yeah, that's true. But also,
when else in history could you get out
of school and just build a startup, you
know, on your own with a couple of
friends uh completely bootstrapped? And
I see more and more people uh towards my
end of towards the end of the time at my
time at Wix, I was interviewing and I
saw more and more people building their
own stuff with AI. And I think uh
contrary to what a lot of people think,
it's the best time to be a junior. It's
the best time to be a learner. And I
think if any listener is listening to
this and you're a curious person, you're
a hardworking person, I I want to say
kind, I'm not sure, but if you're a kind
person and a good communicator, you have
such an unfair advantage and you can
give more value to companies than most
people who have 20 years of experience.
So, uh I really hope people get inspired
by this and uh start killing it with
their projects.
>> Amazing. So many ways to be inspired
from this conversation. See, with that,
we've reached our very exciting
lightning round. I've got five questions
for you. Are you ready?
>> Yep. Let's do it.
>> What are two or three books that you
find yourself recommending most to other
people?
>> So, I'll I'll take one from each kind of
genre. Um, so in like fiction, I love
The Fountain Head uh by A Rand. One of
my favorite books. Uh, really makes you
think, really makes you feel. Um,
business books, I'm a big fan of Shoe
Dog, uh, the Nike story. One of my
favorite
>> just finished reading that. So funny.
>> Amazing.
>> It was great. It was great.
>> Yeah. I love Shoe Dog. Um and then more
on like the psychology side uh mindset
by Carol Dick, who uh coined the term
growth mindset. It's just such an
amazing book. It kind of sounds like a
self-help book, but then you you
understand that it's completely
psychological and and is based on
research. Um and that book completely
changed my life. uh really I was always
with a fixed mindset and then after
reading that I kind of understood uh
that it was something holding me back
and since then I've been really really
trying to cultivate a growth mindset. So
I really recommend everyone reading that
>> again connects to that thread of uh the
way you described it being a 10x learner
versus a 10x uh doer. Okay, next
question. Favorite recent movie or TV
show you have really enjoyed.
>> Yeah, actually my my wife is really into
film so we watch a lot of TV. Uh it's
probably our our favorite uh together
time. Uh I just finished watching The
Pit, which was amazing. Uh it was really
good. And the my first recommendation to
everyone is if you haven't seen
Severance, run to see Severance, one of
my favorite shows.
>> Is there a favorite product that you
have recently discovered that you really
love?
>> This is a good question. I'm always
trying new products. Like I'll always
have uh three or four browsers on
installed on my computer and all this
different kind of stuff. Um, and I
recently discovered a Loom alternative.
Um, I was kind of disappointed with
Loom. They were taking so much money and
the product, uh, I don't know, I just
didn't love it. And there's an open
source alternative called CAP, which is
just really wellcrafted. Um, you can see
that the person was like really sweating
the details and, uh, it's just a really,
really great alternative. So, I've been
using that recently.
>> There's also a product called Supercut
that I love that's also a Luma
alternative. a shout out. Okay, two more
questions. Do you have a favorite life
motto that you find yourself uh coming
back to in work or in life?
>> Yeah, I'm kind of between two right now.
One which is like become a Twitter meme
basically, which is you can just do
things. I feel like that is basically
going in my head every time I do
something that I'm just shocked at the
speed and and ability to do things now.
Uh so you can just do things. And the
second one I stole from my brother. His
motto is nobody knows what the
they're doing. And I just love that and
I think it kind of makes you take life
more lightly. Uh so yeah, nobody knows
what the they're doing.
>> I think people see these companies on
the outside and it feels like everything
they've got all figured out and if
you're ever on the inside of a company
that's doing really well, you're like,
how is this staying on the rails? How is
this still a thing that is working?
Doesn't make any sense. It's all about
to fall apart.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, last question. uh you've been
you've had a long entrepreneurial
uh thread throughout your career.
There's a couple other uh real world
businesses you've started in the past.
You did a thermal clothing business and
then like a hummus delivery thing. So
maybe pick one of those and just tell
the story of what that's about.
>> Yeah, I'd love to. Uh really fun that
you asked about this. Um so
I'll tell the thermal clothing because I
think it's really cool. So, in high
school, I was selling thermal clothes in
10th grade uh for for one of my sister's
friends or something. And basically, it
was just uh packs of thermal clothing,
uh shirt and pants. Uh I grew up in
Jerusalem, so it's a bit chillier there,
so it was perfect for for the weather.
And in 10th grade when I was selling
them, they were like 20 $25 a piece and
I was making like $4 a sale. And if you
look in the food chain, I was like sixth
or seventh down the line. So this was
like crazy margins. So during the summer
I thought about it like I should just go
straight to the importer. So throughout
the summer I called the importer and at
first he was really really mad. He was
like no you have to work for me for
years to get to this state. And I said
listen man I'm finishing school soon.
This is not going to be my career.
Either do it or not. And we basically
negotiated uh throughout the whole
summer. And this was also like how I did
things before Chachi PT. So he would
like throw out something. He'd say, "Oh,
the import tax has gone up." And I'll
just search Google like import tax
Israel. And like start reading and I'll
be on the phone with him and I'll be
like, "Hey, uh I would just basically
stall." And then I'd somehow come back
with a uh with a challenge. Um and I
ended up uh getting a really great
price, like $125 a piece. So I was
making like 100% profit. And I spread
throughout a bunch of different schools.
each school I had the coolest people in
school uh selling for me. Um and then
the cool a really fun thing that I did
was we had a really awesome basketball
team and like our basketball team would
basically be 30 points up within the
first half. Um and it kind of got boring
for the crowd. So, I wrote a song like a
basketball chant about thermal clothes
that basically has my number within it
and like the end of it was um if you
join in now will give you a discount and
it like it was with drums and everything
and still when I go to Jerusalem I know
like some people who I don't even know
like know my number by heart because
they know it by the tune and sometimes
when I walk in Jerusalem people stop me
and say like hey it's thermals heavy so
that was just a really cool experience
um as a kid. This explains so much. Such
a just the marketing genius of that
move. Oh man. Okay, Zevy, this was
incredible. Two final questions. Where
can folks find you if they want to reach
out, maybe follow up on some of the
stuff? We'll link to the scripts and
prompts and all that in the show notes.
So, uh, so you don't have to read that.
And then, uh, how can listeners be
useful to you?
>> Awesome. Um, so I've been helped
throughout my whole career a ton. So, I
love helping any way I can. So reach out
on LinkedIn uh or on X. I' I'd really
love to help whoever I can. How can you
use uh listeners be useful to me? So if
you're a student, try Studymate. Tell me
what you think. Uh if you're in Israel
and you're not using dictation yet, try
the vortex. Tell me what you think.
>> Amazing. Uh I just love how much how
much you're giving away and how useful
this can be to so many people. So again,
we'll link to that in the show notes. Uh
Zebie, you're awesome. Thank you so much
for being here. Thank you so much for
sharing so much. that's going to help I
think a lot of people and I think it's
going to help people get over the hump
on okay I see all these people doing
cool stuff here's how I can actually do
this stuff so uh thank you so much for
being here and for sharing so much
>> thank you for having me and if you build
something cool with uh some stuff that I
learned here me up send me I'd love to
see
>> amazing Zebie thank you so much for
being here
>> thank you
>> bye everyone
thank you so much for listening if you
found this valuable you can subscribe to
the show on Apple Podcasts Spotify or
your favorite podcast app. Also, please
consider giving us a rating or leaving a
review as that really helps other
listeners find the podcast. You can find
all past episodes or learn more about
the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.